Have you chanced wonder, Dear Reader, which lonely soul shall seek within 
pages stark and dry that Gift even life's experience troubles not to bring?
All have, one hopes, for hope breathes innate in the trying--faith fervent 
against counsel of the real, that what transpires within may ring real 
enough, even be it formed solely of imagination, color, life and glory 
that ne'er may another perceive.  ‘tween story and reader emerges the most 
verdant bond, breathing two as one--union in a yarn, inspiration of mere 
diversion.  Is here not truth of a sort, spark of no words from words, 
believed before understood?  These arrive as intuitions, wordless and pure; 
beckons the promise...  Therefore draw near.  Cast walls of doubt low and 
let the beautiful child believe.  Dear Reader, this is our story, 
telling unique as breathed of you.  Breathe it now...
Much is to be explained as to times and places, but a placid start feels 
right.  Defer the histories, and imagine simply...night.
Warm night, and in the humid airs swim mighty scents, nearby pastures, 
ripening fields.
Dark, not black; dim pastels bloom, grassy greens washed blue and gray by 
waxing moon.  A wide, easy meadow spreads in shallow waves, flanked at a 
distance by crouching trees, silhouettes black against seraph-sprinkled 
heavens beyond.  Oh, stars! a brilliant wash of them, form an arch over 
quiescent lands below.
Meadow and sky are one, and in the meadow sits one man.
Having created him, we cannot ignore him, for questions already form--why 
shall a lone spirit inhabit a meadow by night?  Rather than guessing, 
simply let us descend mid-moment upon him, in that clandestine way stories 
do, to learn what we may.
Not much to see at first, just a stranger:  young, blond, rugged clothes 
not the cleanest.  He wears riding boots and sits cross-legged--no easy 
feat--and a worn leather hat rests within arm's reach upon the grass.  
Silent is he, revealing little as to what his character may contain.  
Is he hero or foe?  Will fondness grow as he speaks and acts, or perhaps 
distaste?
But wait, this is special; no speech and no action.  Just a man sitting--
and the night knows not of the many that have come before, and so tries 
with eager zeal to Be!  He allows it; and so it is, a violent force of 
splendor in an understated twinkle of mind's eye--missed easily were not 
pure motive on hand to focus conscious light upon it.  Some have felt a 
mighty presence of self in such times, of nothing and everything one.  
A calm exhale, aware, and behold!  The night soaks straight through and 
is still.  The cricket chirps and distant planetary sounds are the world 
calling out, "Listen..."
Here is one style of being, gladness which pulses spontaneous within.  
We know there are others--those who would know pain of chaos in these same 
times, cyclones of conflict swirling mindless within mind, desires deaf 
and blind.  The deluge overcomes, even as silence begs voice.
We know these, for we are these often enough.  A moment a moment is, 
wrong and then right; and if we find moments right, later we will not--no 
method exists as to their perfection.  But pure motive--said before--always 
an able purifier, sharpener of the senses to all the wonderful things.
In the absence of such, the good of the senses merely shall be toward 
sensing the dull; for the boring inevitably grow bored and boorishly bore 
the rest--especially where some clever one forgets the liquor, dooming all 
to sense boredom clear-headed.
So we learn something already, of a solitary man and of nights and peace.  
Admiration for this nameless character surely grows, if motive be the sole 
power he holds to exist in all stillness, feeling not unwelcome by the 
cosmos itself.
The present moment passes away, as promised, prey to the coming of a second 
nameless stranger.
The sound of him sneaks into existence from crickets' din, beneath awareness' brink for a time, later emerging fully formed.  
As noises go, we must agree 
it is peculiar for these surroundings.  A rhythmic click and whir punctuate 
a continuous husky grind, as a soft wheel upon gravel.
Two wheels, to be precise.
It grows up from the direction of the township, where a dirt road marches 
‘tween many a field of sugar-beet and sunflower.  As well, a spark of light 
is born, appearing and disappearing, source eclipsed at times by stalks or 
stands of trees.  Such patient disturbance it is, increasing in measured 
increment, that soon it feels as though the earlier busy silences never were.
Click and watery swish--the wheels leave the road and enter the grass of the 
meadow, close now.  And the man sitting can dimly see the source of the 
commotion:  a bicycle mated with a torch, bouncing along, each jolt sending 
the harried flame blowing downward and upward.
The new visitor is off-beam by a considerable margin, looking to be aimed 
for the neighboring field.  The contraption barely misses a gathering of 
drowsy cattle, then lurches to a stop, the torch sending a shower of sparks 
futile against damp earth.
A tall figure dismounts.
